1. BRGE / BRMI (Branch if Greater or Equal / Branch if Minus)
BRGE (Branch if Greater or Equal): This jump occurs if the signed comparison of two numbers indicates that the first number is greater than or equal to the second.
BRMI (Branch if Minus): This jump occurs if the result of the previous operation is negative (sign bit set).

2. BRLT / BRPL (Branch if Less Than / Branch if Plus)
BRLT (Branch if Less Than): This jump occurs if the signed comparison of two numbers indicates that the first number is less than the second.
BRPL (Branch if Plus): This jump occurs if the result of the previous operation is positive (sign bit cleared).

3. BRNE / BREQ (Branch if Not Equal / Branch if Equal)
BRNE (Branch if Not Equal): This jump occurs if the zero flag (Z) is cleared (i.e., the values compared were not equal).
BREQ (Branch if Equal): This jump occurs if the zero flag (Z) is set (i.e., the values compared were equal).

4. BRMI / BRVS (Branch if Negative / Branch if Overflow Set)
BRMI (Branch if Negative): This jump occurs if the result of the last operation was negative (i.e., the sign flag is set).
BRVS (Branch if Overflow Set): This jump occurs if the overflow flag (V) is set (i.e., the operation resulted in a signed overflow).

5. BRSH / BRCS (Branch if Same or Higher / Branch if Carry Set)
BRSH (Branch if Same or Higher): This jump occurs if the carry flag (C) is set, which means the result of the last operation was higher or equal.
BRCS (Branch if Carry Set): This jump occurs if the carry flag (C) is set (i.e., no borrow occurred in a subtraction or the addition resulted in a carry).

6. BRLO / BRCC (Branch if Lower / Branch if Carry Clear)
BRLO (Branch if Lower): This jump occurs if the carry flag (C) is cleared, meaning the result of the last operation was lower.
BRCC (Branch if Carry Clear): This jump occurs if the carry flag (C) is cleared, indicating no carry occurred in an addition, or a borrow occurred in a subtraction.

7. BRGE / BRMI (Branch if Greater or Equal / Branch if Minus)
BRGE (Branch if Greater or Equal): Jumps if the signed comparison shows the first value is greater than or equal.
BRMI (Branch if Minus): Jumps if the result of the last operation was negative (sign bit set).